Add article: Fleet MCP (#44447)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/fleet-mcp.md

# Fleet MCP server

> > **Experimental**: This feature is under active development and may change or break without notice. Use in production environments at your own risk.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Experimental**: This feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. Fleet is currently using it internally.
```

> > **Experimental**: This feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. Fleet is currently using it internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Experimental**: This feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. Fleet is currently using it internally. This feature's experimental status will be reevaluated in Fleet 4.89.0.
```

> > **Experimental**: This feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. Fleet is currently using it internally.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Experimental feature**: Fleet is already using this feature internally, and it's a great time to start experimenting. Keep in mind that the API or configuration surface may change as it matures. This feature's experimental status will be reevaluated in TODO.
```

> > **Experimental**: This feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. Fleet is currently using it internally. This feature's experimental status will be reevaluated in Fleet 4.89.0.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Experimental feature**: Fleet is already using it internally, and it's a great time to start experimenting. Keep in mind that the API or configuration surface may change as it matures. This feature's experimental status will be reevaluated in Fleet TODO.
```

> > **Experimental feature**: Fleet is already using it internally, and it's a great time to start experimenting. Keep in mind that the API or configuration surface may change as it matures. This feature's experimental status will be reevaluated in Fleet TODO.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Experimental feature**: Fleet is already using it internally, and it's a great time to start experimenting. Keep in mind that the API or configuration surface may change as it matures. This feature's experimental status will be reevaluated in Fleet 4.89.0.
```
